I'm very good role model Joe I'm a great
teacher and my students adore me
and I adore them an Islamic civil rights
group is now calling for an outside
investigation into an H ISD teacher and
her controversial comments made outside
the classroom and she and her supporters
are fighting back welcome to Eyewitness
News tonight I'm our Tresckow and I'm
Melanie Lawson you first heard from that
teacher in an exclusive interview on
Eyewitness News last week well a lot has
happened since that interview first
aired yeah including the fact that some
of her students have been pulled from
her class Eyewitness News reporter Mya
Shea live now with the new developments
Maya
well we're inside Tommy's garage this is
where the public access show is filmed
and this is where antral box first got a
lot of attention but today we can tell
you
HIV says it's now has a teacher's aide
in her classroom little teacher remains
defiant in the makeshift studio where
the controversy first began teacher
Angela box defended her public persona
as well as her life as a teacher I have
no problem where any child comes from I
have no child problem with any religion
a child has what color their skin is
because I actually see character and not
skin color ever since her appearances on
a conservative public access show where
she uses profanity and other colorful
language became public box has faced
criticism last week community activist
Quan LX alleged box used a racial slur
to describe african-americans and now
the Council on american-islamic
relations wants her role as a teacher
investigated its bigotry and it's very
disturbing to us as Muslims and his
members of the Houston community some
parents at Daley elementary where she
teaches third grade also voiced concerns
she needs to be reprimanded I don't know
she should be fired and obviously
suspended you know if you do something
he should be held accountable but today
snore the host of the show Tommy Atkins
are backing down I think or that slide
he likes the community box says even
though several students have voluntarily
pulled out of her
own classroom she intends to be both a
teacher and voice her opinions away from
school I want this I want this fight I
want this fight for people like me who
are not afraid to stand up for
themselves
in fact Angela will be back here inside
Tommy's garage tomorrow because they're
taping another one of the public access
shows and she says she has every right
to and intends to certainly voice her
opinion HISD says it's monitoring the
situation before now she is not breaking
any of their rules and regulations and
she should is being allowed to continue
her day job as a third grade teacher
we're live on the west side Maya Shea 13
Eyewitness News interesting debate Thank
You Maya and we would like to have you
weigh in on this ongoing controversy do
you think her opinions expressed outside
of the classroom should put her job as a
teacher in jeopardy you can join the
conversation by going on right now in
the ABC 13 Facebook page well a murder
investigation under